---
title: "Deceit and spiritual confusion"
date: 2025-02-23
author: premis
---

Life happens. It springs forth, and it peaks in consciousness. Without consciousness
there is no life. 

I remember being 6 years old one day and asking myself : "why am I me?" and the question
stayed with me forever. Why is this consciousness that experiences in this body - "me" - 
and not you, or them, or God? Why was it there and not outside, limited to the body and 
to the mind and to that delineated space and time, isolated from the other sentient 
beings around me, why was it an island? 

For me the self-perception happened before the formation of a self-narrative. The narrative
did have its hold in due course, when I started *thinking* of myself as this or that, but this
self-perception always underlied the experience, was always there. It is always there for
everyone, just to uncover, to revert to, to *remember*. Re-cognize yourself! 

I remember being 21 years old and one night out of the blue ( the velvety blue of the sky with
pearly stars and summer breeze ) my forehead started to feel something. A tingle. It all 
started by itself, unasked for, uninvited. The eye of intuition had opened and with it
my "knowing" came alive. It was not a physical sensation besides that tingle which was quite physical yet an inch in the space in front of my forehead. The sight came also within, as a knowing 
so much like remembering, with perfect clarity and yet without the involvement of the mind at all. 
I just knew. Things. All sorts of things. It was beyond "me" and it was alarming. Anja feels like
a vortex, painful even, that moves back and forth and spins at the same time clockwise in the very 
spot above the eyebrows. It is invisible, it does not have colors, sounds, or even other sensations, 
it is an "abstraction" over a realm of the unconscious which becomes unlocked and allows for the 
conscious to receive deeply held knowledge and knowledge that is synchronous with the universe. 
In that regard it appears to be supernatural but it's all quite natural and logical, however 
hard to explain. Many things are hard to explain, and even if one could explain them, most people
who have a hard time to understand much simpler descriptions, would fail to grasp the significance. 

Ajna is purple, but it is so in our metaphorical apprehension of it, in our imagination just
the same as Cupid was a flying baby shooting arrows. It's called an allegory. Love is not a flying baby, neither is Ajna an "eye" with colors and whimsical vortexes making one look a bit like Harry Potter. 

Ajna is a form of being, a component to the being, that is ancient and it is there in the body as 
much as the body is you. If you are not your body, neither is your Ajna fixed on it. The mutilation
of spiritual truth that results from uninitiated people in all directions, makes one true sentient
being sad with tears. 

What does Ajna reveal? It reveals this: I am not the room, it's the room looking back unto itself and in the process a "me" emerges there, which starts to think "it" sees the room. That is intuition. 
it's visual, it's powerful, it's deep understanding. I see it. With my "mind's eye". With my Ajna. Which is NOT in my forehead. It's not a physical thing, has no spatial coordinates or properties, because it does not belong to any of the senses any more than the magnetic field does, or the radio wave or the number 3. Show me number 3 itself, I shall eat it with celery and a nice steak. 

To wake up, to become awakened, to become illuminated, means simply this: to dispell all these
atrocious fantasies and lies, and deceits and stories we keep spinning, all these phantasmagorical enchantments and linguistic constructions, all these webs of confusion that prevent us from seeing
what is as is. 

