---
title: "An introductory ... view"
date: 2024-04-22
author: premis
---

Welcome to **"The Unbroken"**. This website is all about the journey into the depths of spiritual fulfillment (mokṣa) for those inclined to follow the parth (mārga) of understanding (Jñāna Yoga), as it is emphasized in the Bhagavadgītā. 

Hopefully, we shall have a section with a practical explanation of the Bhagavadgītā, it's complete text and some humble commentary attempts to clarify it's beauty for all seekers.

Indeed it has been my deep passion over the years to delve into Sanskrit (Saṃskṛta) and I would love to write here about its fascinatingly multifaceted depths, concepts, words and sounds. I believe this is what sparked the idea behind this site. 

The articles are written by "intuition" (vidyā) even if they appear intelectual and philosophical in form, so that the understanding is anchored in experiential knowing, and this makes for a sound doctrine (jñāna) which is understood not just heard, not just rationally ellaborated, but a direct knowing which is fruitful and leads one to "see". 

I shall add simple and introductory articles and posts at a later time, but for now we  have to start somewhere and for the time being it's in full force, so the content available is not for the beginners on this path. Those who are already on the path could find it very useful, or at least confirming. Or even non-confirming which is still very useful in its own way.

May all beings be blessed, all who seek the Truth which is just One Truth, which ever was, and always is, in which we are all part and flowing everpresent! Be blessed! 🙏

*P.S. for now it is not possible to contact the author - but soon an email address shall be provided just for that.*

